README.md, before:

# ASSISTANT PROJECT

A powerful AI assistant project designed to help users with various tasks.

## Description

This project implements an AI-powered assistant capable of handling various user requests and tasks efficiently, with support for parallel task execution.

## Features

- AI-powered responses
- Task automation
- Natural language processing
- Interactive communication
- Multi-threaded task execution
- Parallel tool processing for improved performance
- Concurrent request handling

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- Required dependencies (listed in requirements.txt)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Maga222006/ASSISTANT_PROJECT.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd ASSISTANT_PROJECT
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

The assistant supports parallel execution of tasks using multiple threads:

```python
# Example of parallel tool execution
assistant.run_tools_parallel([
    "tool1",
    "tool2",
    "tool3"
])
```

This allows for efficient processing of multiple tasks simultaneously, significantly reducing execution time for complex operations.

## Deployment

### Local Deployment
```bash
# Run the assistant locally
python main.py
```

### Docker Deployment
```bash
# Build the Docker image
docker build -t assistant-project .

# Run the container
docker run -d -p 8000:8000 assistant-project
```

### Cloud Deployment Options

1. **Heroku**
```bash
# Login to Heroku
heroku login

# Create a new Heroku app
heroku create assistant-project

# Push to Heroku
git push heroku main
```

2. **AWS Elastic Beanstalk**
- Create an Elastic Beanstalk application
- Configure Python environment
- Deploy using AWS Console or EB CLI:
```bash
eb init
eb create
eb deploy
```

3. **Google Cloud Platform**
```bash
# Deploy to Google App Engine
gcloud app deploy
```

Remember to set up environment variables for each deployment platform:
- `API_KEY`: Your API key for the assistant
- `PORT`: Port number (default: 8000)
- `ENV`: Environment (production/development)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

Magomed Patakhov - [@Maga222006](https://github.com/Maga222006)

Project Link: [https://github.com/Maga222006/ASSISTANT_PROJECT](https://github.com/Maga222006/ASSISTANT_PROJECT)

Commit message:

Update deployment configuration to use uvicorn

README.md, after:

# ASSISTANT PROJECT

A powerful AI assistant project designed to help users with various tasks.

## Description

This project implements an AI-powered assistant capable of handling various user requests and tasks efficiently, with support for parallel task execution.

## Features

- AI-powered responses
- Task automation
- Natural language processing
- Interactive communication
- Multi-threaded task execution
- Parallel tool processing for improved performance
- Concurrent request handling

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- Required dependencies (listed in requirements.txt)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Maga222006/ASSISTANT_PROJECT.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd ASSISTANT_PROJECT
```

3. Install dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

The assistant supports parallel execution of tasks using multiple threads:

```python
# Example of parallel tool execution
assistant.run_tools_parallel([
    "tool1",
    "tool2",
    "tool3"
])
```

This allows for efficient processing of multiple tasks simultaneously, significantly reducing execution time for complex operations.

## Deployment

### Local Deployment
```bash
# Run the assistant locally with hot reload
uvicorn agent:app --reload
```

### Docker Deployment
```bash
# Build the Docker image
docker build -t assistant-project .

# Run the container
docker run -d -p 8000:8000 assistant-project
```

### Cloud Deployment Options

1. **Heroku**
```bash
# Login to Heroku
heroku login

# Create a new Heroku app
heroku create assistant-project

# Push to Heroku
git push heroku main
```

2. **AWS Elastic Beanstalk**
- Create an Elastic Beanstalk application
- Configure Python environment
- Deploy using AWS Console or EB CLI:
```bash
eb init
eb create
eb deploy
```

3. **Google Cloud Platform**
```bash
# Deploy to Google App Engine
gcloud app deploy
```

Remember to set up environment variables for each deployment platform:
- `API_KEY`: Your API key for the assistant
- `PORT`: Port number (default: 8000)
- `ENV`: Environment (production/development)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

Magomed Patakhov - [@Maga222006](https://github.com/Maga222006)

Project Link: [https://github.com/Maga222006/ASSISTANT_PROJECT](https://github.com/Maga222006/ASSISTANT_PROJECT)
